#**smev3client**
## Description
Camel based http-to-soap adapter. Java - based + mixed config (*resources/config*)
Contains:
- embedded Tomcat for using servlet transport in Camel
- [joolokia][0] servlet for using [Hawtio] [1]
- actuator metrics
- yaml based config
- spring profiles
- autowired props
- new test runner
- tested @adviceWith and @MockEndpoints


##How to build
Maven profiles:
- build-docker-images - use in activation mode, builds images
- debug - adds jvm debug flags to entrypoin in docker image
- env - local  - uses filtering from env/local.properties for docker images and configuration files filtering


##How to run

There are main compose file in root project and compose files per each project, having only current service and 
its dependencies

Use spring boot plugin to run each service independently.
Use 
```
docker-compose up -d 
```
to run all the stuff.
All the images should be available for current docker daemon

##How to run hawtio console
Download executable jar from [Hawtio] [1] , start it and connect to jolokia agent using recomendations in welcome page.
Not forget to notice host/host managment port in spring config

##How to build docker image
Set env vars for remote/local building
E.g. 
```
DOCKER_TLS_VERIFY="1"
DOCKER_HOST="tcp://192.168.99.101:2376"
DOCKER_CERT_PATH="C:\Users\tartanov.mikhail\.docker\machine\machines\default"
DOCKER_MACHINE_NAME="default"
```
then build image using appropriate maven plugin

##How to debug
Use debug profile (enabled for smev3adapter)

##TODO
- logging agregator
- issues with one command build in maven
- refactor all hardcoded vals : hosts, ports and etc
- unit and route tests
- all the microservices stuff : curcuit bracer, balancer, service discovery etc

###Known issues with docker
- Unable to build image on swarm cluster using this plugin. Should use local repo for checking out pre build images when starting services on cluster.

[0] : https://jolokia.org
[1] : http://hawt.io/

## TESTING & CODE COVERAGE REPORTS

The following properties affects the testing process:
skip.integration.tests - true by default, used to disable maven failsafe plugin
skip.unit.tests - false by default, used to disable maven surefire plugin

So by default, only unit testing is performed, and integration testing is skipped.
To disable unit testing, profile "skip-unit-tests" should be activated.
To enable integration testing, profile "integration-test" should be activated.

Code coverage reports are generated by jacoco maven plugin and located in the following directories:
target\site\jacoco-ut - code coverage report for unit tests
target\site\jacoco-it - code coverage report for integration tests

## Archetype - work in progress

For new modules in this project, a maven  archetype can be used for initial project setup.
Archetype itself is defined in module "archetype".